this is the revelation of the challenge of
ghost paper if you are born the challenge
still watch the challenge before
regulation ready
Good, I said it was for you to do.
school that this challenge can do with
school supplies then you can
solve the challenge
using school materials and is well
simple and does not need basically
a pen or anything from
plastic and it is important for me to have a clean
your car is dirty the chance to
hit is smaller but is well able to give
sure because it 's easy you wipe 30 in the
hair and you come close to the paper
Look at the subject is going to happen when
arrive with the pen near
Now that we've seen the magic, we'll understand.
Why is not it more than this here?
Physics is not magic when the scrub
40 in the hair a few electrons in my
hair pass through the pen then
the pen gets filled with leftover electron
We said that the pen has energy.
and this energy that it has
negative that electrons are negative
was loaded with negative charges
When I get close to the role that goes
these negative charges of the
pen will remove the negative charges
I do not want paper because I do not want
stay close to each other but she will
attract positive charges paper yes
because the opposites attract then
exactly this is going to happen
it will end up attracting the role as if
it was good but you can complain that only
you can solve this challenge with a
pen then it is not fair if
spoken that did not start to solve with
a pro pen does not have several materials
different you can use you can
search the internet for a flame business
electric tribe series that shows which
materials that when you preach a
another one ends up ripping electrons out of the
other
electric grandstand series so I make the
experience with something else around here
my cell phone and I'm going to use this part
my phone to try
do the same thing will catch on my
hair and let's see if I can attract
paper with the cell phone
the op
In other words, there are several materials you
can use to rub on the hair or
rub or rub on several
other parts to get started
electrons from one of the two and make
you type
without putting the hand without the winds only
using static electricity but
challenges you can do at home as
this one you can find in the
world
if you are willing to try several
materials to see which one gets better
home runs the electrons of the
other do not forget to give a show
my here below the video I go
then let two videos have to do with
static stagnant energy that the cable
electric war is a game you can
make using a can of soda
two moves and you can bet with your
friends who can better attract the
had and on the other side left a video
very cool that it's the flying ring that
Can make things fly using
static electricity